---
permalink: /blog/2008/05/golgo-13-episode-02/
title: "Review: <em>Golgo 13</em> Episode 02"
last_modified_at: 2008-05-26T23:02:07-05:00
categories:
 - Blog
tags:
  - anime
  - golgo 13
  - review
---

This episode shows us that even the mighty Duke Togo isn't immune from the whim of fate. His mission is as always a
success despite the impossible odds of his shot; however, a stray cat distracts him after he fires causing his spent
round to fall to the ground below. Fate chuckles even more when a beat cop just happened to be standing under his
window when the shell hit the ground. The remainder of the play features a lot of posturing by an NYPD detective
desperately trying to find the gun in Duke's rented room, while Duke sits and read the paper. I'm not joking; he just
sits there for roughly twenty minutes waiting for enough evidence, or lack thereof, to allow him to walk free.

What baffled me about this episode was the apparent lack of secrecy of Duke's identity. He is the most skilled assassin
in the world willing to work for any government or individual if the price is right. Wouldn't the CIA, KGB, etc. want to
keep his records under wraps, their own secret tool to use at the right time? No, this is apparently not the case; even
the NYPD homicide detectives can easily call up records of Duke outlining how skilled and terrifying he is.

Sure, rumor and conjecture about a master assassin might circulate, but to actually be able to go, "Hey, you're Duke
Togo the skilled assassin; I'm going to try to pin this murder on you" is head slapping preposterous. Conversely, I was
secretly hoping this was a ploy to give Duke his own [Zenigata](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zenigata), an officer of
the law consumed with bringing him to justice. Doesn't seem like this will be the case though; the detective is just
another man unable to outwit and outplay Duke in life's little games.

_Golgo 13_ continues to be an episodic guilty pleasure. Duke may have done little, but watching the detective
frustratingly find Duke has thought of every angle to cover his tracks was entertaining enough. The stories are
interesting puzzles that keep you guessing how Duke will manage to come out clean in the end.