---
permalink: /blog/2008/05/golgo-13-episode-01/
title: "Review: <em>Golgo 13</em> Episode 01"
last_modified_at: 2008-05-26T11:37:12-05:00
categories:
 - Blog
tags:
  - anime
  - golgo 13
  - review
---

Haven't done as much writing lately as I should, so I'm going to give myself a kick in the pants by reviewing some of
the anime I am currently watching for my own amusement. I don't normally keep up with what is airing in Japan, but this
season had two shows I didn't want to miss. The first is _[Macross Frontier](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Macross_frontier)_,
a must watch since I first heard it announced. I'll be catching up on that one after I catch up on the other series I'm
following, _[Goglo 13](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golgo_13)_. I'll see if I can post a screen shot or two with each
review but no promises.

For those unfamiliar with _Golgo 13_, the premise can be stated quite succinctly; Duke Togo is the one of the, if not the,
world's top assassins. If you want someone killed at a precise time, in a precise place, and a precise manner, Golgo 13
is the man to hire. There are no vast conspiracies or complicated pasts; he kills people for a living and does it
extremely well. Yes, this is my guilty pleasure, a show all about style rather than substance.

The first episode opens remarkably with Duke in a US jail for of all things a bar fight. However, it is all a part of
his plan to flee the country; he has fulfilled his contract to kill a high ranking mafia boss. Now, the rest of the
organization is seeking revenge; fate intervenes when a plane hijacking coincides with his incarceration. The CIA get
wind of his predicament and offer him a deal; make an impossible shot to take out the hijacker, and we'll make sure you
get out of the country.

There is little else to say about the plot; Duke makes his preparations, makes the impossible shot, and gets the hell
out of Dodge. The fun of watching any _Golgo 13_ is the methodical, calculating yet innovative way Duke plans each
operation. He is the anti-James Bond; rather than a debonair playboy, his appeal is the relentless stoic exterior that
betrays no emotion about his job. He is a master craftsman who has dedicated body and soul to his profession.

This probably will sum up the entire series, so I will try with each review to point out the "cool" parts of each
episode rather than do a true review. The animation so far has been quite good though it tends to dark color schemes. A
lot of shadows are used to give Duke an even more menacing look. The theme songs are quite catchy, somewhere between
hard rock and typical pop. The one element I wonder about is the use of a rose crowned skeleton in the logo. Will they
actually go away from a pure "job of the week" format? Or did someone just get a hold of a picture book of [Grateful Dead](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grateful_dead)
illustrations and thought it would look "kakko ii".